update release notes and highlights (#7813)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.13.0.asciidoc

ECK 2.13.0 introduces a new option that allows a user to disable the elastic user from being created upon Elasticsearch creation. A use case for this would be when an organization/user would prefer to manage all users/roles via SSO (SAML/IDP/LDAP/etc)
(see https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/blob/main/docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/security/users-and-roles.asciidoc#disabling-the-default-elastic-user[documentation]).

[float]
[id="{p}-2130-eck-logstash-ga"]

> === ECK logstash General Availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Logstash on ECK general availability
```
or "generally available" not sure

Author: made it generally available

> ECK 2.13.0 moves the Logstash component to General Availability. Logstash is now considered production-ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With ECK 2.13.0 the support for Logstash is no longer a technical preview. Logstash managed by ECK is now considered production-ready.
```

Reviewer: @karenzone could you maybe take a look and double check our wording?

> With ECK 2.13.0 the support for Logstash is no longer a technical preview. Logstash managed by ECK is now considered production-ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With ECK 2.13.0, support for Logstash is moving out of technical preview and is now generally available (GA). 
Logstash managed by ECK is now considered production-ready.
```
